gh-90015: Document that PEP-604 unions do not support forward references (#105366)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

      def square(number: int | float) -> int | float:
          return number ** 2

   .. note::

>       The ``|`` operand cannot be used at runtime to define unions where one or
>       more members is a forward reference. For example, ``int | "Foo"``, where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The ``|`` operand cannot be used at runtime to define unions that contain
      forward references. For example, ``int | "Foo"``, where
```
To avoid the awkwardness of "members is"

Author: Hmm, not sure. It feels weird to think of `UnionType` as a "container"; my current wording feels more precise to me. (And I don't personally find it especially awkward :)

      ``"Foo"`` is a reference to a class not yet defined, will fail at

>       runtime. To annotate forward references using union-type expressions,

Author: ```suggestion
      runtime. To annotate unions which include forward references,
```

>       runtime. To define unions which include forward references, present the

Author: ```suggestion
      runtime. For unions which include forward references, present the
```

>       runtime. To annotate unions which include forward references, present the

Author: ```suggestion
      runtime. To define unions which include forward references, present the
```

      def square(number: int | float) -> int | float:
          return number ** 2

   .. note::

>       The object on both sides of the ``|`` operand must be an object that

Reviewer: That's not exactly true:

```
>>> int | 1
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
TypeError: unsupported operand type(s) for |: 'type' and 'int'
>>> (1).__or__
<method-wrapper '__or__' of int object at 0x104596f90>
```

Instead, only the following objects are accepted (this is hardcoded in the `is_unionable` function in `unionobject.c`):
- Instances of `type`
- Instances of `types.GenericAlias`
- Instances of `typing.TypeAliasType`
- Instances of `types.UnionType`
- `None`

Author: > Instead, only the following objects are accepted (this is hardcoded in the `is_unionable` function in `unionobject.c`):

Yeah. But then, of course, other types also support PEP-604 methods (e.g. instances of TypeVar), they just do it by defining `__or__` and `__ror__` methods that return typing.Union.

It all gets a bit complicated, so I think I'll try to take some of the detail out of this note and just say "strings aren't supported".

Reviewer 2: Yeah I was thinking it would be better to not get into the weeds too much for this description. Don't want to promise something that we might not follow in later versions depending on implementation detail.

>       defines the :meth:`~object.__or__` special method. As the :class:`str`
>       type does not define :meth:`!__or__`, the expression ``int | "Foo"``,

Author: ```suggestion
      defines the :meth:`~object.__or__` special method. As instances of
      :class:`str` do not support :meth:`!__or__`, the expression ``int | "Foo"``,
```
